feat(#185): Basic directory structure for Feedback microservice with basic query and its unit test cases. (#175)
1-Platform/one-platform: packages/feedback-service/README.md

Feedback Microservice
=================================================

> One platform's server-side Feedback GraphQL microservice. This microservice will send data to Feedback-SPA that is completely optional while initializing SPA owner can check/enable feedback option and can provide basic detail like wants to use Jira/Gitlab based on SPA owner this microservice will create issue when someone will give feedback and will fetch all feedback to send to Feedback-SPA listing page.  

Reviewer: Can you reword this in some simple sentences? Also, make sure whatever is written here is a part of MVP. For eg. Gitlab integration is not a part of MVP, so no need to mention that.

Author: Okay.

Feedback Microservice
=================================================

> One platform's server-side Feedback GraphQL microservice. This microservice will allow us to talk to feedback database and can perform operation like  addfeedback,updatefeedback,deletefeedback,listfeedback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One platform's server-side Feedback GraphQL microservice. This microservice will allow users to talk to the feedback database and can perform operations like  addfeedback, updatefeedback, deletefeedback & listfeedback.
```
